doc: fix dns.lookup and dnsPromises.lookup description (#51517)
nodejs/node: doc/api/dns.md

* `options` {integer | Object}
  * `family` {integer|string} The record family. Must be `4`, `6`, or `0`. For
    backward compatibility reasons,`'IPv4'` and `'IPv6'` are interpreted as `4`

>     and `6` respectively. The value `0` indicates that either IPv4 or IPv6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and `6` respectively. The value `0` indicates that either a IPv4 or IPv6
```

Reviewer 2: (not a native speaker, so I can certainly be wrong, but would you say "an IPv4 address" rather than "a IPv4 address"?)

>     address is returned. Noted if value `0` is used with `{ all: true }`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    address is returned. If the value `0` is used with `{ all: true } (see below)`,
```

* `hostname` {string}
* `options` {integer | Object}
  * `family` {integer} The record family. Must be `4`, `6`, or `0`. The value

>     `0` indicates that either an IPv4 or IPv6 address is returned. If
>     value `0` used with `{ all: true }` (see below), both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
>     are returned. **Default:** `0`.
>     value `0` used with `{ all: true }`, both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
>     are returned. **Default:** `0`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    `0` indicates that either an IPv4 or IPv6 address is returned. If the
    value `0` is used with `{ all: true }` (see below), both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
    are returned. **Default:** `0`.
```

* `hostname` {string}
* `options` {integer | Object}
  * `family` {integer} The record family. Must be `4`, `6`, or `0`. The value

>     `0` indicates that either IPv4 or IPv6 address is returned. Noted if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `0` indicates that either a IPv4 or IPv6 address is returned. If
    value `0` used with `{ all: true }` (see below), both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
    are returned. **Default:** `0`.
```
